README.md, before:

# Dry Drops

Dry Drops is an e-commerce website operating in the field of alcohol-free beverages.

This fully responsive website was built using the Django framework in Python.

The payment system uses a service called Stripe. To test this system, dummy card details can be used. A list of these can be found [here](https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards).

## User Experience (UX)

A list of my user stories and their tasks can be found [here](https://github.com/delboy/drydrops/issues).

### EPIC | Navigation
- As a shopper, I can navigate around the site so that I easily view the desired content.
- As a shopper, I can view a list of products so that I can choose what products to purchase.
- As a shopper, I can click on a product to see its details so that I can view the description, price and any customer reviews.
- As a shopper, I can easily identify different product categories so that I can quickly view the type of products I'm looking for.
- As a shopper, I can search for products so that I can find the products I'm specifically looking for.
- As a shopper, I can sort the products so that I can easily find products based on price, reviews, category, or title.
- As a shopper, I can view products I have saved so that I can navigate to them easily without having to find them again.

### EPIC | Accounts
- As a User, I can register for an account so that I can use the features afforded to members.
- As a user, I can receive a confirmation email when creating an account so that I know the registration was successful.
- As a user, I can easily log in and out so that I can access my account.
- As a user, I can easily see my login status so that I know if I'm logged in or out.
- As a user, I can view my previous orders so that I can keep a record of what purchases I've made.
- As a user, I can save my delivery information so that I do not have to refill it out for future orders.
- As a user, I can recover my password in case I forget it so that I can regain access to my account.

### EPIC | Admin
- As an admin, I can add products so that I can update the site's inventory.
- As an admin, I can edit a product so that I can keep the products information up to date.
- As an admin, I can delete a product so that I can remove products no longer available.
- As an admin, I can feature products so that I can display them on the home page.

### EPIC | Purchasing
- As a shopper, I can add items to my bag in different quantities so that I can store the items until I'm ready to buy.
- As a shopper, I can view my bag so that I can identify the total cost of the transaction and the items I will be purchasing.
- As a shopper, I can adjust the quantity of the items in my bag so that I can easily make changes before I purchase.
- As a shopper, I can always see a running subtotal so that I can keep an eye on how much I'm spending.
- As a shopper, I can see a summary of my purchase before I buy so that I know exactly what I'm ordering and how much it all costs.
- As a shopper, I can pay for goods as a guest so that I can still use the site without having to sign up for an account.
- As a shopper, I can easily enter my payment details so that I can checkout quickly with no problems.
- As a shopper, I can view confirmation of my purchases so that I know the order was received and can review what I've purchased.
- As a shopper, I can receive an email of my order so that I can keep it for my records.


### EPIC | Interaction
- As a user, I can save my favorite products so that they are easily accessible for future purchases.
- As a user, I can leave reviews on products so that I can share my experience with others.
- As a user, I can sign up for the website's newsletter so that I can keep up to date with new products and promotions.
- As a user, I can connect to the site's social media pages so that I can follow them and keep up to date with their products and promotions.
- As a user, I can contact the business so that I can find out any information that I require.

## Design

### Colour Scheme

- I wanted the color scheme to be similar to the color of dark ales and wines to fit in with the site's theme, so the main color I chose was a dark reddish-brown, along with a lighter shade and a couple more neutral tones to balance it out.  

 ![Colour Scheme](assets/images/colour-scheme.png)

### Typography 

I will be using two fonts from Google Fonts.
- Imbue for the logo and headers.
- Roboto Serif for paragraphs and general text.

### Imagery

### Wireframes

Wireframes for each page are linked here:

* [Home Page](assets/documents/home.pdf)
* [Products](assets/documents/products.pdf)
* [Product Details](assets/documents/product-details.pdf)
* [About](assets/documents/about.pdf)
* [Contact](assets/documents/contact.pdf)
* [Register](assets/documents/register.pdf)
* [Account](assets/documents/account.pdf)
* [Sign in/out](assets/documents/log.pdf)
* [Bag](assets/documents/bag.pdf)
* [Checkout](assets/documents/checkout.pdf)
* [Success](assets/documents/success.pdf)
* [Product Management](assets/documents/product-management.pdf)

### Database Schema

![Database Schema](assets/images/schema.png)

### Search Engine Optimisation

The purpose of the About Us page was not so much designed in mind to inform the user, but more so to have an opportunity to use some keywords, and link the user to any other relevant website, all to help boost the site's ranking in search engine results. 

The initial keywords and phrases I came up with were:

## Short Tail Keywords
- Alcohol-Free
- Teetotal Drinks
- 0% Alcohol
- Zero Alcohol
- 0% Beer/Wine/Cider/Spirits
- Dry Drinks
- Low alcohol
- No alcohol
- Halal drinks
- Quitting Alcohol

## Long Tail Keywords
- Drinks for quitting alcohol
- Drinks for designated drivers
- Drinks for recovering alcoholics
- Alcohol-free beverages
- Alcohol-free drinks for pregnant women
- Drinks that are suitable for people practicing sobriety
- Drinks that are suitable for people who are straight edge

These phrases can also be used in the metadata at the head of the page.

## Features

### Nav Bar

- #### Links

- #### Search Bar

- #### Account

- #### Bag

### Home Page

- #### Hero Image

- #### Categories

- #### Top Products

- #### Footer 

### Accounts

- #### Register Page

- #### Login Page

- #### Log out Page

### Profile

- #### Delivery Details

- #### Order History

- #### Favorite Items

### All Products

- #### Categories Sidenav

- #### What's Hot Carousel

- #### Sorting

- #### Products

### Products Details

- #### Product Image

- #### Product Info

- #### Like Button

- #### Quantity Buttons

- #### Customer Reviews

- #### Add Review

### Product Management

- #### Add Product

- #### Edit Product

- #### Delete Product

### Bag

- #### Items

- #### Quantity and Price

- #### Update and delete buttons

- #### Totals and messaging

### Checkout

- #### Details

- #### Order Summary

- #### Payment

- #### Loading Spinner

- #### Confirmation 

### About Us

- #### Image

- #### Bio

- #### Links

### Contact

- #### Contact Info 

- #### Messaging

Commit message:

Styled search bar button on small screens, added navbar features to readme

README.md, after:

# Dry Drops

Dry Drops is an e-commerce website operating in the field of alcohol-free beverages.

This fully responsive website was built using the Django framework in Python.

The payment system uses a service called Stripe. To test this system, dummy card details can be used. A list of these can be found [here](https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards).

## User Experience (UX)

A list of my user stories and their tasks can be found [here](https://github.com/delboy/drydrops/issues).

### EPIC | Navigation
- As a shopper, I can navigate around the site so that I easily view the desired content.
- As a shopper, I can view a list of products so that I can choose what products to purchase.
- As a shopper, I can click on a product to see its details so that I can view the description, price and any customer reviews.
- As a shopper, I can easily identify different product categories so that I can quickly view the type of products I'm looking for.
- As a shopper, I can search for products so that I can find the products I'm specifically looking for.
- As a shopper, I can sort the products so that I can easily find products based on price, reviews, category, or title.
- As a shopper, I can view products I have saved so that I can navigate to them easily without having to find them again.

### EPIC | Accounts
- As a User, I can register for an account so that I can use the features afforded to members.
- As a user, I can receive a confirmation email when creating an account so that I know the registration was successful.
- As a user, I can easily log in and out so that I can access my account.
- As a user, I can easily see my login status so that I know if I'm logged in or out.
- As a user, I can view my previous orders so that I can keep a record of what purchases I've made.
- As a user, I can save my delivery information so that I do not have to refill it out for future orders.
- As a user, I can recover my password in case I forget it so that I can regain access to my account.

### EPIC | Admin
- As an admin, I can add products so that I can update the site's inventory.
- As an admin, I can edit a product so that I can keep the products information up to date.
- As an admin, I can delete a product so that I can remove products no longer available.
- As an admin, I can feature products so that I can display them on the home page.

### EPIC | Purchasing
- As a shopper, I can add items to my bag in different quantities so that I can store the items until I'm ready to buy.
- As a shopper, I can view my bag so that I can identify the total cost of the transaction and the items I will be purchasing.
- As a shopper, I can adjust the quantity of the items in my bag so that I can easily make changes before I purchase.
- As a shopper, I can always see a running subtotal so that I can keep an eye on how much I'm spending.
- As a shopper, I can see a summary of my purchase before I buy so that I know exactly what I'm ordering and how much it all costs.
- As a shopper, I can pay for goods as a guest so that I can still use the site without having to sign up for an account.
- As a shopper, I can easily enter my payment details so that I can checkout quickly with no problems.
- As a shopper, I can view confirmation of my purchases so that I know the order was received and can review what I've purchased.
- As a shopper, I can receive an email of my order so that I can keep it for my records.


### EPIC | Interaction
- As a user, I can save my favorite products so that they are easily accessible for future purchases.
- As a user, I can leave reviews on products so that I can share my experience with others.
- As a user, I can sign up for the website's newsletter so that I can keep up to date with new products and promotions.
- As a user, I can connect to the site's social media pages so that I can follow them and keep up to date with their products and promotions.
- As a user, I can contact the business so that I can find out any information that I require.

## Design

### Colour Scheme

- I wanted the color scheme to be similar to the color of dark ales and wines to fit in with the site's theme, so the main color I chose was a dark reddish-brown, along with a lighter shade and a couple more neutral tones to balance it out.  

 ![Colour Scheme](assets/images/colour-scheme.png)

### Typography 

I will be using two fonts from Google Fonts.
- Imbue for the logo and headers.
- Roboto Serif for paragraphs and general text.

### Imagery

### Wireframes

Wireframes for each page are linked here:

* [Home Page](assets/documents/home.pdf)
* [Products](assets/documents/products.pdf)
* [Product Details](assets/documents/product-details.pdf)
* [About](assets/documents/about.pdf)
* [Contact](assets/documents/contact.pdf)
* [Register](assets/documents/register.pdf)
* [Account](assets/documents/account.pdf)
* [Sign in/out](assets/documents/log.pdf)
* [Bag](assets/documents/bag.pdf)
* [Checkout](assets/documents/checkout.pdf)
* [Success](assets/documents/success.pdf)
* [Product Management](assets/documents/product-management.pdf)

### Database Schema

![Database Schema](assets/images/schema.png)

### Search Engine Optimisation

The purpose of the About Us page was not so much designed in mind to inform the user, but more so to have an opportunity to use some keywords, and link the user to any other relevant website, all to help boost the site's ranking in search engine results. 

The initial keywords and phrases I came up with were:

## Short Tail Keywords
- Alcohol-Free
- Teetotal Drinks
- 0% Alcohol
- Zero Alcohol
- 0% Beer/Wine/Cider/Spirits
- Dry Drinks
- Low alcohol
- No alcohol
- Halal drinks
- Quitting Alcohol

## Long Tail Keywords
- Drinks for quitting alcohol
- Drinks for designated drivers
- Drinks for recovering alcoholics
- Alcohol-free beverages
- Alcohol-free drinks for pregnant women
- Drinks that are suitable for people practicing sobriety
- Drinks that are suitable for people who are straight edge

These phrases can also be used in the metadata at the head of the page.

## Features

### Nav Bar

- #### Links
    - To help navigate the user around, four links to the main sections of the site are present at the top of every page.
    - The links collapse into a hamburger menu once the screen size becomes too small to fit all the elements comfortably. 
    - The link to the current page will be highlighted by an underline to help users understand what page they are on.
    - The Shop link drops down into a sub-menu where the user can navigate to all products or choose from one of the four product categories.

    ![Navbar-Links](assets/images/navbar-links.png) 

- #### Search Bar
    - The search bar is located in the middle of the navbar and can be used to search all products.
    - Using the search bar will search both the product's title and description for a match.
    - On smaller screens, the bar collapses into a search Icon that upon clicking drops down into the full search bar.

    ![Navbar-Search](assets/images/navbar-search.png) 

- #### Account
    - Located on the right side of the navbar is the account Icon where the user can manage their account.
    - Clicking the account Icon opens a dropdown menu with options for the user to register or sign in.
    - If a user is signed in the dropdown options change to 'My Profile' and 'Logout'.
    - If a user is signed in the Icons text changes from 'My Account' to '*The user's name*'s account.
    - If the user signed in is a super user then a third option of 'Product Management' is available. 

    ![Navbar-Account](assets/images/navbar-account.png) 

- #### Bag
    - Located on the right side of the navbar next to the accounts menu is the bag Icon.
    - Beneath the bag icon users can find a running total of the cost of all the items in their bag.
    - Once a product is added to the bag, a number displaying the total quantity of items appears, located at the top right of the bag icon.
    - Clicking the bag icon navigates the user to the shopping bag page which displays a summary of what's been added.

    ![Navbar-Bag](assets/images/navbar-bag.png) 

### Home Page

- #### Hero Image

- #### Categories

- #### Top Products

- #### Footer 

### Accounts

- #### Register Page

- #### Login Page

- #### Log out Page

### Profile

- #### Delivery Details

- #### Order History

- #### Favorite Items

### All Products

- #### Categories Sidenav

- #### What's Hot Carousel

- #### Sorting

- #### Products

### Products Details

- #### Product Image

- #### Product Info

- #### Like Button

- #### Quantity Buttons

- #### Customer Reviews

- #### Add Review

### Product Management

- #### Add Product

- #### Edit Product

- #### Delete Product

### Bag

- #### Items

- #### Quantity and Price

- #### Update and delete buttons

- #### Totals and messaging

### Checkout

- #### Details

- #### Order Summary

- #### Payment

- #### Loading Spinner

- #### Confirmation 

### About Us

- #### Image

- #### Bio

- #### Links

### Contact

- #### Contact Info 

- #### Messaging
